CONTENT

 Anti-Spy Privacy Tempered Glass Screen Guard for Apple iPhone 11 Pro (Black) Edge to Edge Full Screen Coverage, Pack of 1

The Privacy Glass gives full-screen privacy with advanced side-view blocking technology. Ion-exchange strengthened, ultra-premium glass renders the ultimate in resilience, durability, and protection along with Privacy.

Optimised and adaptable Privacy Layer

Clear HD view retains Precise Touch Sensitivity

9H Toughened glass, reduced shattering

Anti-smudge and anti-fingerprint layer

Ultra-thin, 0.33 mm thin oil resistant coating

Fully glued edge-to-edge coverage

Comes with an Applicator Kit for installation

-------------------------------------

PRIVACY PROTECTION: Anti-Spy screen protector that can protect your personal privacy or business secrets. Strangers beside you will not see the messages on your screen as the privacy screen protector will block left and right side view of your screen so that only you can see the messages from the front.
DESIGN: Designed for your phone and is Ultrathin-0.3mm thickness which is reliable and resilient and promises full compatibility with touchscreen sensitivity. The installation is effortless, giving a perfect alignment without bubbles.
VISIBILITY: The privacy screen tempered glass is only visible to person directly facing the screen and has lesser eye strain than normal tempered glass.
ANTI-SHATTER: If broken, the glass will break into small parts but stay in one piece, making it safer for glass screen of your phone. Highly durable and scratch resistant - surface hardness 9H.
OLEO PHOBIC COATING: Makes the screen protector resistant to oil particles which in turn makes it resistive to finger prints and protects your phone against sweat and oil residue from fingerprints, keeping your phone screen clean with smoother touch, compatible with 3D Touch.
----------------------
Headings
Privacy Screen Protector Compatible for iPhone 11 [2019 (6.1 Inch)] Anti Spy Case Friendly Tempered Glass 
Anti-Spy Privacy Tempered Glass Screen Guard for Apple iPhone 11 (Black) Edge to Edge Full Screen Coverage, Pack of 1
